---
title: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of August 18, 2025
description: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of August 18, 2025
author: Becky
feature: Product Announcements, Workfront Fusion
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
hidefromtoc: true
exl-id: df82eb1d-b8c3-4b4a-b256-acce0f1b136f
source-git-commit: 0e8f73afb2ab60bb1b601abf3c4f3d611e97d125
workflow-type: tm+mt
source-wordcount: '451'
ht-degree: 19%

---

# Actividad de la versión de Workfront Fusion: semana del 18 de agosto de 2025

En esta página se describen todas las mejoras realizadas en Adobe Workfront Fusion durante la semana del martes, 18 de agosto de 2025.

Para obtener una lista de todos los cambios recientes, consulte [Actividad de la versión de Adobe Workfront Fusion](/help/workfront-fusion/fusion-product-releases/fusion-release-activity.md).

Para obtener una lista de las correcciones de errores recientes en Workfront Fusion, consulte la página [Actualizaciones de mantenimiento de Workfront](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/es/docs/workfront-known-issues/releases/current-updates) y busque cualquier actualización etiquetada como Actualización de mantenimiento de Workfront Fusion.

## New Jira connector and modules now available

To make connecting with Jira more flexible and simple, we&#39;ve released a new connector for Jira. This connector can connect to both Jira Cloud or Jira Data Center, includes the following updgrades:

* The Watch for records modules can now watch worklogs and attachments, in addition to comments, issues, projects, and sprints.
* CRUD modules now include users, boards, categories, and filters, in addition to comments, issues, projects, sprints, worklogs, and attachments. (Users are available only in Create a record and Read a record.)
* The List and Search modules have been combined into a single module that supports issues, projects, users, sprints, boards, worklogs, comments, transition issues, and categories.
* OAuth 2 connections are now available.

The previously available Jira connectors (Jira Cloud and Jira server) are still available, but will not be supported moving foward.

For information and instructions on the new Jira connector, see [Jira modules](/help/workfront-fusion/references/apps-and-modules/third-party-connectors/jira-modules-new.md).

## Use custom regular expressions in the Text parser

To make the Text parser more flexible, we&#39;ve added the ability to add custom regular expressions. Now, in the Get elements from text module, you can select Custom in the Pattern field and then enter your custom regular expression.

Previously, regex patterns were limited to the list available in the Pattern field.

For information on the Text parser, including the Get elements from text module, see [Text parser](/help/workfront-fusion/references/apps-and-modules/tools-and-transformers/text-parser.md).

## Create a link to a specific module in a scenario

To make debugging or sharing module configuration easier, we&#39;ve made it possible to create a link to a specific module in a scenario.To create a link to a specific module, add `?moduleId=<module-id>` to the URL when viewing the following pages:

* Scenario edit page (URL ends in `/edit`)
* A specific scenarion execution (URL ends in `/logs/<log-id>`)

`<module-id>` refers to the number next to the module label when viewing the scenario.

## New lists in Teams and Users area of an organization

To make the Teams and Users lists easier to sort and organize, we&#39;ve created new lists. Now, you can:

* Ordenar por columna
* Hide or display columns
* Filter using search terms

For information on these lists, see:

* [Ver y administrar equipos](/help/workfront-fusion/set-up-and-manage-workfront-fusion/set-up-and-manage-orgs-and-teams/manage-users-and-teams/view-and-manage-teams.md)
* [Ver usuarios de una organización](/help/workfront-fusion/set-up-and-manage-workfront-fusion/set-up-and-manage-orgs-and-teams/manage-users-and-teams/view-users-in-an-org.md)
